# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYDhdXsTliQ>
#### Description:
Mention and Confess is a site where you can register yourself as a user, log out and log in with that account/user. The main feature about this site is that this is a site where you can mention someone and send them a message which is displayed publically and pretty much anyone that can access the site while it is available can see what you posted on the site. But you can post them anonimously where the site doesnt force you to use your real name or username as the sender of the menfess.
Over on the site, you can see 3 pages which are the home page or index.html, the post page or post.html, and the history page or history.html. There are also other pages like the login and register page. For the design of this site, i borrowed some aspects of pset9's finance for the layout and the login and register but other than that i made it from scratch and using some libraries like bootstrap.
This program is made using HTML, CSS, Python with Flask, and SQL. All of the frond end aspects were created using HTML and CSS, while python was used to run flask so that my pc can be the server.
In the python projects there are a few routes such as "/", "/post", "/history", and also "/login" and "/register" there is also "/delete". The "/" route is accessed using the get method where it would take you to the homepage, displaying index.html. Inside index.html there are a heading for the site's title and there is also a loop to loop through the database where all the menfess messages were stored. Using a combination of SQL, Python, and Jinja, the site can now display a table full of all the menfesses that were posted and stored in the database.
Next there is the post page which accepts 2 methods which are GET and POST if you visit it through the GET method, chances are that you are from the homepage or other page heading to the postpage. If you access it using get it will only show a form for what name you want the site to display you as(for that post) and also whom do you want to mention and lastly what message that you want to post. If you click the "Post" button it will access the same route but using the "POST" method which will process the data that you just sent and storing it into the database and will redirect you to the homepage where your post is now displayed publically on the home page.
Next there is the History page or "my menfesses" in the menubar. This page is there to display all of the menfesses that are posted using the profile that you are logged in to. You cant access other people's menfess through this page. What differs this from the homepage, other than only displaying your menfesses is that you have the option to delete the menfess that are in this page. The history page is only accessable using the GET method. If you actually press the delete button it'll bring you to the "/delete" route using the POST method. There, the menfess_id is passed on to the route using POST so that it can be deleted.
Lastly inside the database, there are a couple of important tables like users and menfesses, here is where everything is stored. A user has an id, username, hashed password. While the menfess table has a menfess_id which is a unique id given to every menfess, sender_id, the id of the sender or the author of the post, mention, the person name that the sender want to mention, message is where all the messages were stored, and lastly time, which tracks the time when every post was posted.